Update the node configuration documentation (#1185)
input-output-hk/jormungandr: doc/configuration/introduction.md

This chapter covers the node documentation, necessary to have a working system. It covers
the network, logging and storage parameters.

## Node Configuration
This is an common example of a Jormungandr node configuration file typically named `node-config.yaml`, however your's will vary depending on your needs.  Addtionally, this configuration has been tested on Jormungandr 0.7.1 and may change with newer versions.  It's important to keep in mind that the trusted_peers portion of this configuration will be different for each Cardano blockchain network.  If you're trying to connect this node to a specific network, you need to know it's genesis block hash, and it's associated list of trusted peers.

Example Configuration - 1:

```YAML
---
log:
  - output: stderr
    level:  info
    format: plain
p2p:

>   public_address: "/ip4/40.90.149.161/tcp/3200" # This should match your public IP address.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  public_address: "/ip4/X.X.X.X/tcp/Y" # This should match your public IP address (X) and port number (Y)
```

  topics_of_interest:
    blocks: normal #Default is normal - high for stakepool

>     messages: low   #Default is low - high for stakepool

Reviewer: better removing them instead, they are already defaulted, it makes the default configuration example easier to read

  trusted_peers:
  - address: "/ip4/13.230.137.72/tcp/3000"
    id: e4fda5a674f0838b64cacf6d22bbae38594d7903aba2226f
  - address: "/ip4/13.230.48.191/tcp/3000"
    id: c32e4e7b9e6541ce124a4bd7a990753df4183ed65ac59e34
  - address: "/ip4/18.196.168.220/tcp/3000"
    id: 74a9949645cdb06d0358da127e897cbb0a7b92a1d9db8e70
  - address: "/ip4/3.124.132.123/tcp/3000"
    id: 431214988b71f3da55a342977fea1f3d8cba460d031a839c
  - address: "/ip4/18.184.181.30/tcp/3000"
    id: e9cf7b29019e30d01a658abd32403db85269fe907819949d
  - address: "/ip4/184.169.162.15/tcp/3000"
    id: acaba9c8c4d8ca68ac8bad5fe9bd3a1ae8de13816f40697c
  - address: "/ip4/13.56.87.134/tcp/3000"

>     id: bcfc82c9660e28d4dcb4d1c8a390350b18d04496c2ac8474

Reviewer: Not keen on adding these in the documentation. they change often and this documentation is not meant to be a reliable source of truth for which blockchain to use.

Author: That's a great point; that could certainly confuse new users.  When I submitted the update, we were getting so many questions regrading the change in the log settings format on Telegram,  that I  wanted to get something documented that demonstrated a working example so that people could at least get their node started.
